SCOFIELD: Previously
on Prison Break.
There's something
about this guy.
It's like he knows where
we're going. what we're thinking.
If that's true. it's
just a matter of time
before he finds out
about the money in Utah.
our way into Mexico.
Everything.
You can have an attorney present
during questioning. now or in the future.
Caroline. they're taking her in.
Of course. I'll
keep an eye on her.
I did it. Dad.
Just do as you're told.
Otherwise there will be
consequences that will affect us all.
My dad's an Air Force colonel.
When I told him I
was staying in a hotel
with a guy that I
maybe sort of liked.
he lost it.
What are you doing
here? Where's Maricruz?
She's with me now.
Just tell me where she is.
Hey. Fernando. Slow down. man.
I was trying to tell you.
the wedding is in Vegas.
So which one of them was it?
Might be Scofield.
Probably gonna find
his brother in there. too.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Where to. sir? Utah.
WOMAN ON RADIO: This
morning. authorities in Illinois
issued an update on
the escaped convicts
known until now as
the Fox River Eight.
Chicago mob boss. John
Abruzzi. was gunned down
outside a Washington
D.C. motel last night
after investigators received
a tip from an informant.
The other seven escapees are still
at large and considered dangerous.
A Florida man wanted in...
(RADIO TURNS OFF)
I didn't think Abruzzi
would be the first to eat it.
I have a feeling we're
in for lots of surprises.
They said seven
are still out there.
So much for faking our deaths.
I bought us some
time. that's what counts.
How much further?
Seventy. 80 miles.
Good. Means we should be hitting
the Double K Ranch
by this afternoon.
Or we can keep driving.
pick up LJ and hit Panama.
We can't hit Panama!
We can't hit anything!
We can't do anything
without the money.
We need to find Charles' stash.
I know some other guys who
are thinking the same thing.
The money is buried under a silo
at the Double K Ranch
just outside of Tooele. Utah.
There's $5 million there.
(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
TICKET CHECKER: Tickets?
(CLEARS THROAT)
You know. when I
was in Cheyenne.
I pulled my ticket
out of the bag.
(CHUCKLES) it tore in
half. and I have no idea
what happened to the other part.
They didn't issue
you a replacement?
No. The young lady. I
think her name was Sherry.
she actually said
that this half is okay
because the bar code is on it.
Well. you really
need the whole ticket.
This is exactly what
I was trying to avoid.
She said that everything
would be fine because...
That's okay. It'll do for now.
But make sure you ask for a
replacement when you get to Provo.
I definitely will. Thank you.
It's always something. huh?
Oh. God. I know.
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYING)
DEBRA: I don't want to go home.
I wish we could keep driving.
I don't think your pops
will be down for that.
Wouldn't it be fun?
We could go to Hawaii.
You can't drive to Hawaii.
Yo. I know.
I'm just saying I wish.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Oh. uh...
No. Don't get it. They'll leave.
Just let me see who it is.
It's a cop.
No. no. no. no. no.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Sorry to disturb you. ma'am.
Have you happened
to see this person?
Last night we got
a few phone calls
that he was spotted in the area.
So we're going door-to-door.
Why are you looking for him?
He escaped from prison in
Illinois a couple of days ago.
Have you seen him?
No. He doesn't look familiar.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I'm sure.
All right. Thanks for your time.
Whoa. Whoa. whoa. whoa.
This ain't...
This is not what
you think. all right?
Look. Trust me.
Listen. Just listen.
Okay?
All I did was steal
a baseball card.
Okay? I'm not like those
other fools up in there.
I'm gonna go for a walk. okay?
Just... I'm gonna leave
my keys right here.
And when I come back.
my car will be gone.
I'm sure. in a few hours.
they'll find it somewhere.
abandoned.
Wait. Wait.
I wish it could be different.
I have to go.
Tooele.
SCOFIELD: I
think it's To-ill-uh.
Hell of a town.
Small is good.
Means the ranch
will be easier to find.
All we got to do
is get that money
and we'll be out
of here by nightfall.
Nice.
Oh. sir. Soil test came
back from Scofield's crash.
Not that you need
any more proof.
but he really went
out of his way this time.
What else do you have?
Man was violently
assaulted in Nebraska
by a hitchhiker matching
Bagwell's description.
who's headed west on the I-80.
Omaha's putting
together a photo lineup.
What do you have on Scofield?
What does anybody
have on Scofield?
PERTZ: I've got some
results from his hard drive.
the one recovered
from the river.
We were able to use the sector
editor to restore the master boot.
So from that... I don't
care how you did it.
What do you have?
More than half the contents
of the buffer. about 60%.
It looks pretty random.
Print it up. All of it.
I want it on my desk.
Well. guess what?
No listing for a Double K Ranch.
Excuse me. You know where
I might find Double K Ranch?
What you call it?
Double K Ranch.
No.
You from around here?
Yeah. Born and raised.
There's no Double nothing.
Great. Thank you.
LINCOLN: Looks like
Westmoreland spent his last breath
blowing smoke up your ass.
There's one way to find out.
The county keeps
property records.
Every plot is mapped
out with dimensions.
It's public record.
But if there is a tax
assessor's office here.
it's gonna be in there.
In the municipal building.
Lot of cops in there. Michael.
(PHONE RINGING)
MAN: Dispatch. DEBRA: Someone...
Someone stole
my car this morning.
I'm at the Lotus
Motel off Interstate 80.
Did you see who took it? No.
I went out for a walk. and
when I came back. it was gone.
This morning? Why
didn't you call before?
I... I don't know.
Mr. Kellerman. Mr. Kim.
Surprised to see you in Chicago.
Just looking for updates.
Sara Tancredi. I'm on it.
Is pursuing her the
best use of your time?
It is.
She's in contact with Scofield.
I was there when
he called yesterday.
We stay with her. she
takes us right to him.
he takes us to Burrows.
All right.
If you're that confident.
I am.
I'll let the President know.
I contact the
President directly.
I'll contact her.
Keep me posted.
GROUP LEADER: If you want to
restore dignity. you need to take action.
Making amends requires
much more than saying I'm sorry.
It means learning to change.
The apology is
just the first step.
The most important thing is that you
display honesty. courage and compassion
when you extend your apologies.
You need to earn
your forgiveness.
We'll talk about
it more on Friday.
I got a great idea.
What's that?
Since you are such a fan of
lame. store-bought blueberry pie.
I am going to bake you a
real pie of your choice tonight.
I can't.
I really don't need to be seeing
anyone right now who isn't my therapist.
I've been a hermit lately. too.
My partner. Daniel.
is away on business.
I've been sitting around
every night by myself.
Kind of pathetic.
I am so sorry. I
thought you meant...
Um...
I thought...
The pie...
Oh. no.
(KELLERMAN LAUGHS)
That's my ego. No. I
was really talking about...
Pie? Yeah. actual blueberries.
Like. we'd make pie and
watch Fried Green Tomatoes.
I get it. I get it.
I'm the best ex-junkie
cook in this town.
Thank you. I just... I got
to clean my apartment.
It's disgusting.
and I realize that sounds
like an excuse. It's not.
No. no. no. I get it.
You do what you got to do.
Have a good night.
You deliver?
Next batch.
Ow.
Just put it on the desk.
Does any of this
stuff mean anything?
I don't know. Ask me later.
Think he's a genius
or a whack job?
I think we answered
that question
when we assigned
100 agents to the case.
So why don't you go and
get me the rest of it. huh?
Does that work for you?
Well. lackaday!
I just found me an in-betweener.
Where's you going
in such a hurry. huh?
None of your beeswax. yo.
I knows where.
Same place as every other man
that was in that room that night.
They all coming around here
for a big family reunion
at the Ku Klux Ranch.
If they ain't here already.
Look. there ain't no
country fool in this town
ever heard of the
Double K Ranch.
Seems like you've been misinformed.
Indeedy there is a Double K.
It's just a matter of who
gets there first. all right?
The stars are gonna
collide in Tooele. my friend.
You're gonna need
me on your side.
This ain't Fox River. all right?
I don't need any of you.
As you can see. I need you.
Get your grubby
paws off me. you freak.
I ain't your ditch
digger no more.
I don't need nothing from you.
I don't need nothing.
You might.
If a man knew where he
was supposed to be looking.
SUCRE: Hi. hi.
Are you having the Hector Avila
and Maricruz Delgado
wedding today?
Avila.
No? Okay. thanks.
Hi. Are you having
the Hector Avila
and Maricruz Delgado
wedding today?
Avila.
Delgado.
Really?
When?
Stay calm. We'll be out
of here in 10 minutes.
One at a time.
Clear.
Back up.
You wearing a watch?
Yeah.
Nice day.
Thanks.
This is exactly what we need.
It's a map of every
parcel of land.
Topography.
buildings. everything.
Karl Kokosing. Double K.
I don't like the way
this guy is looking at us.
1213.
Where's 1213?
CLERK: Miss Sebern. I
need to speak with you.
Come on. man.
we got to roll now.
Miss Sebern.
Come on. You got the map?
No.
Someone else does.
Someone got here before us.
It's the only explanation.
Son of a bitch is still alive.
Hey. pretty!
What the...
What you gonna do. scream?
How the hell are
you still breathing?
What the hell did
you do to your hand?
(EXCLAIMS IN PAIN)
Easy. easy.
I recently had some work done.
Where is the map?
Easy. Easy. Easy.
I don't have it.
SCOFIELD: Well. where is it?
I'm telling you.
I don't have it.
I don't have it. all right?
You were there. We saw you.
It was gone when I got there.
Now. why don't you keep
your pooch away from me?
I'll tell you everything I know.
It's the kid. He has it.
I saw him this morning
and I needed some help.
We made a deal. all right?
He said that he would dig.
I told him where
we could get a map.
What kid?
BENNETT: The best
thing to do is nothing.
That's how I'm going
to get the US Senate
to confirm my vice
presidency? Do nothing?
Shows them you can do the job.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Wait a minute.
It's my daughter.
Sir. we need to talk
about your daughter.
What about her?
Well. the media is all over
this Fox River situation.
We think it would be best if you
could distance yourself from her.
If I hear this one more time...
I paid her bail. I walked away.
I have distanced myself.
Give me a minute.
Hey. Dad. it's me.
When you get a chance.
I really need to talk to
you about some things.
Actually a lot of things.
The most important one is
that I owe you an apology.
I realize that I've made
things difficult for you lately.
Um...
(DOORBELL RINGS)
And I want to take
responsibility for that.
Call me back. Bye.
Hi. I know I'm early.
but I brought dinner.
Come on in.
You're not a
vegetarian. are you? No.
Just shut that behind you.
Do you mind if I
check my e-mail?
Not at all. Here.
Oh. you're so kind. Thank you.
Absolutely.
Do you happen to
have a pen handy?
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
I'm so sorry to bother you.
Not at all. Look. I have
a little pencil and a pad.
Thank you.
Sir? Sir?
Yeah.
No Sherry in Cheyenne.
Your ticket is not
valid for travel.
Oh. well. hold on. now.
That can't be right.
Excuse me for a second. Sure.
All right now. listen. brother.
I'm gonna give it
to you straight up.
Now. seriously. I'm broke. okay?
That's the truth.
I just ran into some
trouble a while back and...
I'm just really trying to
pull it all together now.
You understand?
Well. you can tell that to the
authorities in about five minutes.
Oh. come on. brother. We don't
have to get the authorities involved.
No. it's too late.
They're already
waiting at the next stop.
These guys here. they're
gonna sit with you until we stop.
I understand. I understand.
Hey!
Come here. Sir.
Hey. you can't go in there!
Okay. we've got a
confirmed sighting on Franklin.
Jumped out of a moving
train in Preston. Idaho.
What is a black man from
Chicago doing in Idaho?
He's got to be lost.
Franklin's in Preston.
Idaho. Bagwell's in Nebraska.
And both men have never
been across the Mississippi.
Visiting friends and
family? I don't think so.
And not south of the border.
They're due west. and
we need to know why.
LINCOLN: Out.
What's going on. friends?
Where did you say
Tweener was headed?
Up on the main drag.
He's supposed to find a shovel.
In. No.
No. no. no. In!
You're coming back. right?
You're coming back?
Yep.
T-BAG: Hey. you guys!
(BANGING ON TRUNK)
Hey!
Come on. man. I'm
boiling up in here!
WOODY: I was on my
ATV. and I was hauling ass.
I was right on her tail. and I
pulled out my gun and blam!
That bitch treed herself. and I
brought her down in one shot.
What did she weigh?
At least a hunny.
Maybe 110.
Come on out and
see us if you want.
It's gonna be a good time.
Yeah. I just might do that.
(DOOR CLOSING)
Hey. now. what you digging?
Some stuff in my grandpa's yard.
We got a bigger one in the
back if you're going deep.
No. this will do.
Damn it if I don't know
you from somewhere.
Maybe I know your grandpa.
I doubt it. man. He moved
here. like. a month ago. so...
What's his name?
His name's Grandpa. All right?
Look. man. can
you just ring this up?
I got to get out of here.
Sure thing.
fella. I'll ring it up.
I'll ring it right now.
(GROANING)
I've seen you. on TV.
You're one of them
Fox River boys.
You got it wrong. man.
No. I think I got it right.
WOODY: We're closed!
Sorry. bud.
We're closing up early today.
Wait. hold on.
Stay right there.
(TWEENER GROANS)
You're going down just like
your buddy. you son of a bitch.
Where's the kid?
SCOFIELD: He's back here.
LINCOLN: Get up.
Come on. tough guy. Let's go.
(BANGING ON TRUNK)
(PANTING)
(CHUCKLES)
(GROANING)
Where the hell are they?
Maricruz. Baby. open up.
Theresa!
(SHUSHING) It's
me. It's me. okay?
Fernando. what
are you doing here?
(STAMMERING) You can't be here.
I know. Theresa.
I know. I just got...
Where's your sister? I
need to see Maricruz.
She's getting her picture
taken with my mom and dad.
The wedding's at 2:30.
I need to see her now.
You have to go.
She's the mother
of my kid. Theresa.
Please.
You don't want her to marry
Hector. do you? Do you?
I'll go see if I can go get her.
Wait in here. Okay.
Hey. Lance. I got
a question for you.
Yes?
You know who I am?
I happened to see the
news last night. yes.
Hey. I don't care. I've got
some skeletons in my closet. too.
One of whom wears a dress.
Thank you.
I appreciate your
lack of judgment.
From what I can tell. you
didn't do anything wrong.
but it's none of my business.
and you don't need to talk about it.
The whole thing just...
(SIGHS)
I never meant for it to happen.
Okay. you do not need
to answer this question.
Hmm?
But were you and
that guy. like. uh...
You're right. I don't
want to talk about it.
You done? Yeah.
Does it worry you
that he's out there?
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Give me one second.
Dad.
Sara. hi.
I got your message.
Please. come in.
SARA: Lance. this
is my father. Frank.
How do you do?
SARA: Dad. this
is my friend Lance.
Pleasure to meet
you. sir. I voted for you.
Well. thank you.
I appreciate that.
Sara. I can take off.
No need.
Only take a minute.
How about you
step into my office.
and you make yourself at home.
Sure.
SARA: So...
So. in my program. we've been
talking a lot about making amends.
and I've been
thinking a lot about...
About some of the
choices I've made lately.
and I know that
that affects you.
And...
And I wanted to tell
you that I'm sorry.
You don't have
to say you're sorry.
Yeah. I do.
And it must be hard to
understand why I did it.
I had no idea that I was putting
these guys back out on the street.
I thought I was saving the
life of an innocent man and...
And I know that you didn't read
the information I gave you on
Lincoln Burrows but he is innocent.
and a lot of the people
involved right now are dead.
(SARA SIGHS)
I'm sorry. This isn't
why I called you.
I'm fine
but I'm scared.
Sara. I'm gonna
help you through this.
We're gonna get
through this together.
Thank you.
I promise.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Kellerman.
MAN: We ran that
trace you requested.
What did you get?
The line is disconnected.
Whose was it?
Apparently. no one's.
What does that mean?
It's been out of
service for 17 years.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Fernando.
Where is she?
Calm down. Calm down.
She's gonna come
down and talk to you.
She's on her way down right now.
You and I got
history. We're family.
And out of respect for that. I'm
gonna let her make her own decision.
I'm not leaving without her.
That's for Maricruz to decide.
You've been filling her
head with all this crap.
She's a smart girl.
I personally don't
think she's gonna
want to live her life on
the run. but we'll see.
You know. she doesn't love you.
Yeah. well. I don't wanna
get into that right now.
You're not raising my kid.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(POLICE SIRENS WAILING)
That don't sound good. cuz.
Maricruz! Baby! Mari!
Where is she? You have to go.
Where is she?
Please. Fernando.
they're coming!
Did you tell her I
was here? Did you?
Maricruz.
(GROANS)
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Mahone.
I'll be right down.
B. FANATIC: Mr. Mahone.
Where are they?
I had a hard time getting
my hands on these.
It'd be easier to
go to a doctor.
tell him you need something
to calm your nerves.
Doctors take notes.
That's why I have
a deal with you.
The way things been going. I
thought maybe our deal was over.
You don't ask me
about Shales no more.
That part of our deal is over.
I no longer need an
informant on the case.
Thought that's all you
cared about was finding him.
You can't get them all.
If you want. I can keep
an ear out on the street.
Midazolam. 1.500 milligrams every
30 days. That's all I want from you.
We understand each other?
You gonna pay me for it?
Right there.
What are you doing here?
SCOFIELD: We had
to come for you. buddy.
How did you know? T-Bag.
Hand over the map.
What? The map. Hand it over.
He told you I had it?
(T-BAG WHISPERING)
We are going to
sort this out right now.
Tell me that's not
what I know it is.
It is.
But don't worry.
before I destroyed it.
I committed it to my
photographic memory.
SCOFIELD: Coming
from a compulsive liar.
I find that a little
hard to believe.
I'd have tattooed it to my
body but I didn't have the time.
Whenever you
strip-search a lifer.
you should always
check his coin purse.
Tell us where the money is.
(GROANS)
Now let's not dissolve
into threats. all right?
I'm gonna take
the high road here
and suggest a mutually
beneficial arrangement.
I have the information. you
have the manual requirements
necessary to unearth
Westmoreland's buried booty.
We're partners.
And why is that?
'Cause. as of this
moment. I'm your map.
So then. yo. we split
it four ways. right?
Wrong. Get in.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
You're not worth 1.5. Get in.
Okay.
WOMAN: Excuse
me. can I help you?
Oh. yeah. I'm sorry. yeah.
(EXCLAIMS)
It's hot.
I was really wondering how
much you selling your RV for.
It's probably out
of your price range.
Oh. come on. give me a shot.
$40.000.
Look. I tell you what.
I'll be back in a
couple days. okay?
I can't hold it for you.
I said I'll be back.
With cash.
Nice bike.
THERESA: The wedding's
at 2:30. Fernando.
We just got confirmation
on Fernando Sucre.
He was in Las Vegas around 2:00.
Then a gas station attendant
spotted a guy on a bike matching
his description in Mesquite
an hour later.
Out west. just like
Bagwell and Franklin.
Yeah. but he was heading east.
And Bagwell's in Nebraska
on I-80 heading west.
and Franklin's train was heading
west. but he jumped off to the...
(LAUGHS)
You know D.B. Cooper?
Yeah. yeah. the hijacker.
Hijacker. But he
was never found.
Yeah. but he's got to
be somewhere. right?
Because someone hijacked
that plane in Portland
and jumped out over
the Pacific Northwest.
And someone was arrested
two days later in Bisbee. Arizona.
Not the same guy. Same guy.
Same guy who was
treated for a broken knee
in a free clinic somewhere
around Salt Lake City.
Same guy whose Nova blew a head
gasket 10 miles short of the border.
Same guy who almost
got away with a stolen car.
but he ran a woman down in
Bisbee. vehicular manslaughter.
Arrested and booked as
Charles Westmoreland.
But he didn't have
the money on him
which means he got rid of
it somewhere along the way.
Wait. wait. this is fact?
You figured all this out?
No. Scofield did.
That's why he was
bringing the old man along.
The money's in Utah. and
they're all going to get it.
T-BAG: You know. in
Thailand they got a black market
where you can get any
kind of surgery you need.
even a hand transplant.
You're sick. you
know that? Keep going.
The turnoff's just
up here somewhere.
Before or after Sheep Road?
What's the matter.
Theodore. did you forget?
How could I forget a road
called Sheep? It's after.
Don't you feel all warm inside
now that we're working together?
We aren't working together.
You're just here to lend a hand.
Now. wait. wait. slow down.
That was it. that little
bitty road right back there.
How far is it from here?
Quarter mile. if I remember
the scale properly.
Start walking.
BENNETT: Frank?
Yeah. I'm almost ready.
What time did you
say the flight was?
8:00.
Listen. I hope you
get this nomination
more than anyone.
but be prepared.
This Burrows
thing may steamroll.
Well. we'll wait it
out. just like you said.
The problem is
too many headlines.
His lawyer. Nick
Savrinn's already dead.
His kid's awaiting trial
for double homicide.
And now his lead counsel
is classified as missing.
Well. is she missing
or is she dead?
I just thought you should know
before you go to Washington.
Bruce. is there something
connecting all of this?
It's probably best you don't
ask a whole lot of questions.
Where now?
Right up there.
The hill borders the property.
KK's on the other side.
First thing I'm gonna do with
the money. buy new shoes.
Second thing. tacos.
Third thing. ice-cold beer.
Fourth thing. a
little toothpaste.
Oh. damn.
Damn.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Mahone.
MAN: Agent Mahone.
your car's out front. sir.
The flight to Utah
leaves in an hour.
I'll be there. Thank you.
Ninth thing. a shower.
Tenth thing. a
good night's sleep.
A nice hotel. Clean sheets.
Look. stakes marking
the property line.
T-BAG: Should be dead ahead.
Can you see the silo?
T-BAG: The
bastards built over it.
It's gone.